README.md, before:

# JavaStuff
Java collage assignment

Assignment option 5: Machine learning model using Naive Bayes


Assignment worth 60% of Sem 2 CA (30% of OVERALL CA)

• Most of assignment should be written in Java.
• Code should demonstrate the use of OO concepts. - using classes for separate entities (as opposed to dumping everything into a single class), methods, encapsulated attributes, constructors, inheritance, interfaces, polymorphism. 
• Code should follow java naming standards, be well indented, bracket aligned , comment headers, comments. 
• Include a link to a short video with your submission to demo it, explain how you have coded it, what classes you have used and so on, how your algorithm worked . No more than 2 minutes. (It should be of your actual screens with your voice).
• Include a readme file to briefly explain your project. 
• Use GIT to manage your source code. Your code and video link will be collected from your whatever code repository you use
• If you make use of any code directly from a book or online source, you must show this in the comments. You will be marked on code that is your own code.
• Your will demo your code in the lab after Easter as part of the marking.
• Assignment is due end of day Friday April 11th 

Marking
- 10% Project management (demonstrating regular commits using GIT over the lifetime of the assignment) 
- 10% video explaining your assignment – available via YouTube 
- 40% Basic core functionality: for well functioning, well implemented, using code that follows coding standard core functionality – i.e. the core of whatever problem you are solving. 
- 40% Optional advanced features: for added functionality that enhances whatever your idea is

Commit message:

Assignment finished
All programs finished, and readme updated.

README.md, after:

# JavaStuff
Java college assignment

Assignment option 5: Machine learning model using Naive Bayes
This program serves as a tonsillitis checker. The user can enter in their systems, and the program will show them the probability
of having tonsillitis. It gets this probability from applying the Naive Bayes algortihm to a set of test data. The user can also
check the accuracy of the algorithm by getting it to evaluate itself using some of the test data.

*** Classes ***

* Control - This is the control class and is used to instantiate an object of MenuGUI

* DataAlgorithm - This class gets an ArrayList of Patient classes from the FileProcessor class
  and uses the Naive Bayes algorithm to find the probability of a patient having tonsillitis

* DeveloperGUI - This is the GUI that lets the user test the accuracy of the algorithm

* FileProcessor - This class reads through a file line by line, and adds each line to a new Patient in patientList, returning patientList

* MenuGUI - This is the GUI that lets the user is initially greeted with, allowing them to test a Patient or enter dev options

* Patient - This class is used to simulate a Patient with attributes for their symptoms and contains a ToString() to print an object

* PatientGUI - This is the GUI that lets the user create a Patient and test the probability of it having tonsillitis

*** Instructions ***

The user is initially greeted with a main menu. They can click 'Test a Patient' to enter the symptoms of a patient
and get the probability of them having tonsillitis. They can also click 'Developer options' to either test the
accuracy of the algorithm, or display the test data in a text area.
